Add maps concept (#2914)
exercism/java: concepts/maps/about.md

# About Maps

A **Map** is a data structure for storing key value pairs.
It is similar to dictionaries in other programming languages.

> The [Map][map-javadoc] interface defines operations on a map.

Reviewer: I think this way its more clear
```suggestion
The [Map][map-javadoc] interface defines the operations you can make with a map.
```

## HashMap

Java has a number of different Map implementations.
[HashMap][hashmap-javadoc] is a commonly used one.

```java
// Make an instance

> Map<String, Integer> fruitPrices = new HashMap<>();

Reviewer: Maybe we could add a note or something to clarify why we are using the interface to type the map instead of using ``HashMap`` directly? because it could be that not all the students know it is a best practice in case you want to switch your map implementation, or if it is explain in other part of exercism redirect them to that as well

Author: With this one, I decided to add it to the `about.md`, but not the `introduction.md` (to keep the introduction simpler).

other.setName("Beanies");

stockCount.get(other); // Returns 80 because "other" and "stock" are equal

stock.setName("Choccies");
stockCount.get(stock); // Returns null because hashCode value has changed

stockCount.get(other);  // Also returns null because "other" and "stock" are not equal

stock.setName("Beanies");
stockCount.get(stock); // HashCode restored, so returns 80 again

stockCount.get(other); // Also returns 80 again because "other" and "stock" are back to equal
```

## Map.of and Map.copyOf

Another common way to create maps is to use [Map.of][map-of-javadoc] or [Map.ofEntries][map-ofentries-javadoc].

```java
// Using Map.of
Map<String, Integer> temperatures = Map.of("Mon", 30, "Tue", 28, "Wed", 32);

// or using Map.ofEntries
Map<String, Integer> temperatures2 = Map.ofEntries(Map.entry("Mon", 30, "Tue", 28, "Wed", 32));
```

Unlike `HashMap`, they populate the map upfront and become read-only once created.
[Map.copyOf][map-copyof-javadoc] makes a read-only copy of a map.

```java
Map<String, Integer> readOnlyFruitPrices = Map.copyOf(fruitPrices);
```

Calling methods like `put`, `remove` or `clear` results in an `UnsupportedOperationException`.

> [map-javadoc]: https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/api/java.base/java/util/HashMap.html

Reviewer: I think you referred to this url instead
```suggestion
[map-javadoc]: https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/api/java.base/java/util/Map.html
```

Author: That's a good catch! I definitely meant to refer to `Map` instead of `HashMap`.

# About Maps

A **Map** is a data structure for storing key value pairs.
It is similar to dictionaries in other programming languages.
The [Map][map-javadoc] interface defines operations on a map.

> Java has a number Map implementations.

Reviewer 2: Typo: number **of**
